# Go API client for sites

Create and manage Sites in the organization.

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 2.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Generator version: 7.21.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation

Import the package in a go file in your project and run `go mod tidy`:

```go
import sites "github.com/CiscoDevNet/go-ciscosecureaccess/sites"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```go
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `sites.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sites.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `sites.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sites.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identified by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `sites.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `sites.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sites.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), sites.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.sse.cisco.com/deployments/v2*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*SitesAPI* | [**CreateSite**](docs/SitesAPI.md#createsite) | **Post** /sites | Create Site
*SitesAPI* | [**DeleteSite**](docs/SitesAPI.md#deletesite) | **Delete** /sites/{siteId} | Delete Site
*SitesAPI* | [**GetSite**](docs/SitesAPI.md#getsite) | **Get** /sites/{siteId} | Get Site
*SitesAPI* | [**ListSites**](docs/SitesAPI.md#listsites) | **Get** /sites | List Sites
*SitesAPI* | [**UpdateSite**](docs/SitesAPI.md#updatesite) | **Put** /sites/{siteId} | Update Site


## Documentation For Models

 - [CreateSiteRequest](docs/CreateSiteRequest.md)
 - [ListSites400Response](docs/ListSites400Response.md)
 - [ListSites401Response](docs/ListSites401Response.md)
 - [ListSites403Response](docs/ListSites403Response.md)
 - [ListSites404Response](docs/ListSites404Response.md)
 - [ListSites500Response](docs/ListSites500Response.md)
 - [SiteObject](docs/SiteObject.md)


## Documentation For Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### oauthFlow


- **Type**: OAuth
- **Flow**: application
- **Authorization URL**: 
- **Scopes**: 
 - **deployments.sites:write**: Write deployments Sites
 - **deployments.sites:read**: Read deployments Sites

Example

```go
auth := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sites.ContextAccessToken, "ACCESSTOKENSTRING")
r, err := client.Service.Operation(auth, args)
```

Or via OAuth2 module to automatically refresh tokens and perform user authentication.

```go
import "golang.org/x/oauth2"

/* Perform OAuth2 round trip request and obtain a token */

tokenSource := oauth2cfg.TokenSource(createContext(httpClient), &token)
auth := context.WithValue(oauth2.NoContext, sites.ContextOAuth2, tokenSource)
r, err := client.Service.Operation(auth, args)
```


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author



